# ola_project
This project deals with e-commerce trying to establish the optimal price for 5 different products without any storage cost. The aim of e-commerce is to maximize its revenue; in doing this, we need the demand curve of given products which is a graph depicting the relationship between the price of a certain commodity (the y-axis) and the quantity of that commodity that is demanded at that price (the x-axis). In real-world applications demand curves are not available a-priopri therefore they need to be estimated via online learning techniques such as Thompson Sampling, Upper Confidence Bound (UCB) Bandit Algorithm etc.
The website is characterized as it follows: once the user enters our website all the products are displayed and then, once he clicks on one of the products, a web page is created in which the clicked product, called primary, is shown with its price. If this product is added to the cart by the user, then two other products, whose prices are hidden, are recommended by the system in different slots ordered by relevance. If the user clicks one of them, called secondary, then a new page is loaded in which the clicked one is displayed together with its own price. The probability to look at the second slot is lower with respect to the first one which is 1 considering the corresponding primary product added to the cart. The number of visited pages is finite since the system will not show products which have already been seen. In the end, the customer buys what is in the cart. Furthermore, each customer is characterized by a personal reservation price which prevents him from buying a single unit of a product if the price is higher than that
We imagine that every day a random number of potential customers access one of the e-commerce pages structured as above with a certain probability.

